micromapST - Version 1.0.3 - Updates

The following updates were made to the micromapST package for release 1.0.3,
March 7, 2014.

Enhancements:
1) Added new glyphs column to present the numerical ranking of the row from 1 to 51. 
Ranking 1 is the first state listed and ranking 51 is the last state listed.
2) Adjusted the stacked bar parameters to set variable height bar feature or 
the mid-point dot feature to disabled (FALSE) by default.  The user can still enable these
feature if desired.

Fixes:
1) The median row line and confidence band graphic for the time series glyph is squeezed 
when drawn and does not properly represent the data.  The plot of the median data line and 
confidence band has been added to the panel above and below the median row to present the data 
in the same manner as the other data.



micromapST - Version 1.0.2 - Updates

The following updates were made to the micromapST package for release 1.0.2, 
January 11, 2014.

Enhancements:
1) Added variable bar heights to the horizontal stacked bar glyphs 
(segbar, normbar, and ctrbar). The stacked bar now vary in height starting 
smaller on the left and increasing in size to the right.  This allows better 
visualization of the stacked bars.  This feature can be disabled is required.

2) Added dot at the mid-point of the horizontal stacked bar glyphs 
(segbar, normbar)  Not used on the centered horizontal stacked bars, 
since they are already lined up on the zero value and a vertical dashed line is 
overlaid on the glyph.  This feature can be disabled is required.

4) Added the ability to specify the stateFrame columns in the col1, col2 and 
col3 vectors as names or numbers.

5) Added the ability to specify the stateFrame columns in the sortVar call argument
as names or numbers.

6) Reorganized and renamed the variables in the details list of the micromapSTDefault 
structure to better identify which glyph used the variable and what the variable effected.
The documentation has been updated with the new variable names.

7) Changed the processing of the details call argument to not require any value or list.
The micromapST package internally sets all glyph and operating variables to the 
default values.  The details call argument can now be used to pass micromapST only the 
the list of the variable to be modified/changed.  This simplifies the user's task to 
request minor changes to the colors, symbols, line weights, etc. of the micromapST 
glyphs.

8) Added a diagonal line to the scatter dot glyphs to serve as a X=Y reference line. 
Due to space limitations, the scatter dot glyph area cannot have a correct aspect ratio 
to the range of the X and Y values.  The diagonal line provide a means of relating the 
scatter dots to a line of equality and overcome this issue.


Fixes:
a) Fixed the logic used by the sortVar call argument to support the specification of multiple 
columns for the sorting order.  The original code worked when 1 column was specified, but did not
properly handle multiple columns.  Problem identified and fixed.

b) Correct the Scatter Dot glyph to only highlight the median state's dot in the median
row and the rows immediately above and below.


micromapST - Version 1.0.1 - Updates

1) Horizontal Stacked Bar glyph's (segbar, normbar, and ctrbar) (segments)
should support a minimum of 2 segments.  Code requires a minimum of 3 segments.
Fixed code to allow a minimum of 2 segments.


micromapST - Version 1.0.0 Original Release

Original Release of code developed for GMU classes on data visualization 
and support of the publication of "Visualizing Data Patterns with Micromaps", CRC
Press, 2010, by Daniel B. Carr and Linda Williams Pickle.

